welcome everybody to another edition of
foul balls I am Jeff g-force dude from
power 106 and this is where we talk
about some of the biggest cups of funny
moments in sports and am joined this
week again by my bearded friend Vinnie
the freakin Rican boy well you got there
that's what she said all right so let's
talk about let's talk about foul ball
number one you know people do a lot of
things distract people from making a
free throw penalty shots and things like
that we've all seen the little sticks at
Laker games and things like that but
this is a very unusual way to take
someone off course when they're making a
penalty shot watch this right here and
by the way Diego Kosta is the kitchen
and goes just setting up he makes it all
right but let's slow it down oh hey a
full moon everybody oh I see an ass
crack everybody but what's great about
it is he made it you made it ask does
not distract him at all all right let's
go with foul ball number two mini Europe
Russell Westbrook of the Oklahoma City
Thunder and time to block a shot during
a timeout did you know he's gonna get a
little this is classic when he goes slow
mo let me be fancy and block the shot oh
oh this is a great angle we good boom
yeah he falls at his hand first all the
injury I see and now he's gonna have
problems later when he goes to the
toilet makers now it's impacted way up
in there because of that fall on the
hardwood that's a problem all right you
guys thank you very much for watching be
sure to subscribe below and check back
every week for another episode of foul
balls here is the pub all for you
that's right we hired a bunch of zombies
as extras today guys they weren't in the
McCoys making mood